Problem Solving with C++ Tenth Edition
Walter Savitch
Excepts

What is an Algorithm?
The word algorithm has a long history. It derives from the name al-Khowarizmi, a ninth-century Persian mathematician and astronomer. He wrote a famous textbook on the manipulation of numbers and equations. The book was entitled Kitab al-jabr w’almuqabala, which can be translated as Rules for Reuniting and Reducing. The similar-sounding word algebra was derived from the Arabic word al-jabr, which appears in the title of the book and which is often translated as reuniting or restoring. The meanings of the words algebra and algorithm used to be much more intimately related than they are today. Indeed, until modern times, the word algorithm usually referred only to algebraic rules for solving numerical equations. Today, the word algorithm can be applied to a wide variety of kinds of instructions for manipulating symbolic as well as numeric data. The properties that qualify a set of instructions as an algorithm now are determined by the nature of the instructions rather than by the things manipulated by the instructions. To qualify as an algorithm, a set of instructions must completely and unambig- uously specify the steps to be taken and the order in which they are taken. The person or machine carrying out the algorithm does exactly what the algorithm says, neither more nor less.


Designing an Algorithm?
Designing a program is often a difficult task. There is no complete set of rules, no algorithm to tell you how to write programs. Program design is a creative process. Still, there is the outline of a plan to follow. The outline is given in diagrammatic form in Display 1.7. As indicated there, the entire program design process can be divided into two phases, the problem-solving phase and the implementation phase. The result of the problem-solving phase is an algo- rithm, expressed in English, for solving the problem. To produce a program in a programming language such as C++, the algorithm is translated into the programming language. Producing the final program from the algorithm is called the implementation phase.
